Readme.md, before:

# Tell me the odds

Solution of the [developer-test](https://github.com/lioncowlionant/developer-test).

## Architecture

The code follows the onion architecture. More specifically, the code is divided into 4 sections:

- Domain model
- Domain services
- Application services
- Infrastructure services

### Domain model

Contains the definitions of `PlanetId`, `GalaxyRoutes`, `PlanetCatalog` and `BountyHunterPlanning`.

### Domain services

Contains the public definition of `compute_probability_of_success`, and some private definitions for this function.

### Application services

Contains the definition of `MillenniumFalconData` and `EmpireData` matching the json formats specified in the requirements of the app, and `Route` matching the database data format (but without db-related types or field) and some code to bridge the data.

### Infrastructure service

Contains code to connect and read from the DB, process the CLI input and defining the webserver endpoints.

## Technology stack

- This code was written in Rust 1.75.0.

### CI

- A github action perform a security audit every day. More specifically:
  - Cargo-deny check for security vulnerabilities, license violation, unmaintained projects and several other things.
  - Cargo-audit for a second security audit. Seems to be more precise than cargo-deny, and also automatically open issue on security vulnerabilities.
- A second CI run the classic steps:

  - format with `cargo-fmt`
  - lint with `clippy`
  - build and test in dev mode
  - build and test again in release mode
  - build the docker image
  - push the docker image to dockerhub

## TODO

- bulding the docker image
- pushing to dockerhub with a dev tag
- release-please
- release protocol
- front
- Instrumented
- observability
- test:
  - full black-box tests for the endpoints
  - some scenario tests for the example provided in the documentation
  - unit-test inside the code

Commit message:

feat: add front and webserver

Readme.md, after:

# Tell me the odds

Solution of the [developer-test](https://github.com/lioncowlionant/developer-test).

With a recent version of rust (tested with 1.75.0), you can build the project with `cargo build --release`. Then you can run the cli with `./target/release/give-me-the-odds examples/millennium-falcon.json examples/example2/empire.json` and the webserver with `./target/release/millennium_falcon examples/millennium-falcon.json`

## Architecture

The code follows the onion architecture. More specifically, the code is divided into 4 sections:

- Domain model
- Domain services
- Application services
- Infrastructure services

### Domain model

Contains the definitions of `PlanetId`, `GalaxyRoutes`, `PlanetCatalog` and `BountyHunterPlanning`.

### Domain services

Contains the public definition of `compute_probability_of_success`, and some private definitions for this function.

### Application services

Contains the definition of `MillenniumFalconData` and `EmpireData` matching the json formats specified in the requirements of the app, and `Route` matching the database data format (but without db-related types or field) and some code to bridge the data.

### Infrastructure service

Contains code to connect and read from the DB, process the CLI input and defining the webserver endpoints.

## Technology stack

This code was written in Rust 1.75.0. Notables dependencies are Actix for the web server, Anyhow for the error handling, SQLX for database connection and Tokio for the async engine.

### CI

2 GitHub workflows are defined.

- One that performs a security audit every day. More specifically:
  - Cargo-deny check for security vulnerabilities, license violation, unmaintained projects and several other things.
  - Cargo-audit for a second security audit. Seems to be more precise than cargo-deny, and also automatically open issue on security vulnerabilities.
- A second that run the classic steps:
  - format with `cargo-fmt`
  - lint with `clippy`
  - build and test in dev mode
  - build and test again in release mode
  - build the docker image
  - push the docker image to dockerhub
  - compute and publish code coverage

## Test

Unit-tests are defined directly inside the code. Look for the `mod test`. Integration tests are defined in the `tests` folder

## TODO

- logging
- bulding the docker image
- pushing to dockerhub with a dev tag
- release-please
- release protocol
- front
- Instrumented
- observability
- test:
  - full black-box tests for the endpoints
  - some scenario tests for the example provided in the documentation
  - unit-test inside the code
